Main page
About Us
Menu
Shopping cart page (item list, quantity, item total, subtotal, tip choice)
Checkout Page (pickup times, credit card, name, phone)
Thank you page



Appetizers:
Not-Hamster
Buffalo Wings (We are legally required to inform Jessica Simpsons that these are not made from real buffalo wings. Flying buffalos are too difficult to catch)
California Roll (Imported from california)
Caveat Caviar (Caveat: not entirely caviar)

Entrees:
Legal Eagle
Bob's Gobs of Lobster Blobs (We admit no fault with Bob's classic, deep fried lobsters).
Indicted Ham Sandwich (So good it's almost illegal... trial pending)
Capital Scallops

Desserts:
Non-liable Homicide By Chocolate
Apple Estoppel
Bob's Cobbler
Criminal Caramel Sundae

Random terms:
accomplice: use for the sauce on something, or a side to something
accrue
acquittal
admit no fault
affirm
bail (for rhyme)
bait and switch
boilerplate
capital (like 'top of the line' something, scallops)
proximate cause


Descriptions:

Caveat Caviar: Fresh caviar from right here on the Mississippi, served on warm crostini bread with whipped cream cheese. Caveat: not entirely caviar.

California Roll: The classic sushi roll, perfect to split with friends and family. Imported from California.

Buffalo Wings: Seasoned wings from our seasoned cooks, these are cooked to perfection, and available in mild, medium, and extremely painful.
	*We are legally required to inform patrons that these are not actual buffalo wings. Flying buffalo are too hard to catch.

Not-Hamster: Lightly seasoned with a side of bleu cheese, the whole family will enjoy these strips of what we can promise you is not hamster.

Bob's Gobs of Lobster Blobs: We admit no fault with our signature pan-fried, breaded lobster balls. It's here because it's the best lobster this side of heaven, not because lob rhymes with Bob! That was just the initial idea.

Indicted Ham Sandiwch: Black Forest Ham on grilled, buttered bread, topped with melted swiss cheese, fresh Romaine lettuce, and tomato. So good, it's almost illegal... trial pending.

Legal Eagle: Imported from the archipelago of *******, this exotic treat was only made possible through the expert legal wrangling of Bob Loblaw. Show your patriotism by eating the only thing more american than apple pie.

Capital Scallops: If you've accrued an interest in Scallops, look no further! Bob's Scallops are grilled flawlessly tender, and topped with savory lemon butter. Invest in the best scallop dish on the market.

Apple Estoppel: Don't think about leaving just yet! Our fresh apple pie, topped with your choice of homemade vanilla or caramel ice cream, will stop you in your tracks.

Bob's Cobbler: Indulgent deep-dish peach cobbler topped with farm-fresh whipped cream, Bob's Cobbler is probable cause for applause.

Non-liable Homicide by Chocolate: Chocolate cake topped with fudge and chocolate sauce. Waiver and pen included.

Criminal Caramel: This sinful sundae has been sentenced to the dessert table for crimes against good health. Homemade vanilla or caramel ice cream topped with caramel sauce and sprinkles. Justice is served.